## hello, im akry!

this is my personal website. i will probably put everything that means everything to me here. im not very experienced with github pages so excuse me if this website isnt the cleanest <3

### music

my personal playlist + my top 10 songs atm, and some of my thoughts on music

[my playlist](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/65YDXHt2dCJNvclejSRfWM?si=2bf6e34d460e4f5d)

[10: reflektor - arcade fire](https://open.spotify.com/track/7uMZy0bALAdneerERyr7Ks?si=38f8b1fe3cc94be3)
while unpopular, this song is an amazing single by arcade fire for an otherwise mediocre album. the use of haitian drums in this song coupled with arcade fire's instrumental and compositional prowess definitely seals the deal for this being one of my favorite songs ever. the way this sets up for the album to come is incredible and i feel like it's a shame that they didnt really capture the spirit that the first track had with the rest of the album. regardless of my disappointment with the album, i still love this song and it definitely warrants a place in my top 10.

[09: gone gone / thank you - tyler, the creator](https://open.spotify.com/track/1hz7SRTGUNAtIQ46qiNv2p?si=2f2a9b1e4cf34a44)
with this track being tyler's infamous split track, i had a lot of expectations going into this one, and they were all met tenfold. this song has amazing vocal harmonies with incredible producing - as is expected from a tyler track. it is also an incredibly important point in the narrative of igor, with him acknowledging that his love is gone and transitioning into a state of acceptance - a stark contrast to _new magic wand_ just a few tracks ago. this one is undeniably one of the more poppy tracks on this album, but i feel like it's executed beautifully and polished incredibly well.

[08: the suburbs - arcade fire](https://open.spotify.com/track/2UWdUez9MB9yzL7Y81Mcip?si=7e3eca40c14d4aee)
wow the second arcade fire track on my top 10, i must be a huge fan of this band. truth be told, i've never _loved_ arcade fire's discography aside from the suburbs (album, not the track) which was undeniably amazing. the opening track of this album has everything. catchy hooks, catchy choruses, catchy everything. it's ear candy to the highest degree, and it seems to do it without sacrificing the soul of the track itself. it sets up for the album incredibly well and it's an amazing opening song. took away a couple points because i've had the _sometimes i cant believee ittt - im moving past the feelin'_ stuck in my head for the good part of a year and i absolutely despise it (jokes). great track though.

[07: dark fantasy - kanye west](https://open.spotify.com/track/7yNK27ZTpHew0c55VvIJgm?si=ff3097ee7cfb4ecf)
the opening track of kanye west's magnum opus - my beautiful dark twisted fantasy - does an amazing job at starting this album off. this track sets the themes that are ever present in this album. the feeling of seclusion from the industry, the feeling of wanting; yearning for something more, as seen in the first line of the song, "i fantasized 'bout this back in chicago". as well as the orchestra like vocals in the back perfectly complimenting kanye's rapping. all in all, incredible first song to one of the best albums of all time (yes, all time).

[06: nights - frank ocean](https://open.spotify.com/track/7eqoqGkKwgOaWNNHx90uEZ?si=4cba679750be44e3)
nights is frank ocean's emotional masterpiece. it's the culmination of everything he's done in what is in my opinion - his best song yet. first, let's talk about the masterful use of beat switches. the constant changes in mood start to signify the day and night cycle - paying homage to the track name with it's incredibly dynamic sound and flow. second, his amazing melodies in every phase of the song only contribute to the building emotion throughout the (exactly) 5 minute track. third, just the insane amount of details and easter eggs in this track. this song is about frank's previous relationships, and the melody shift in the middle of the track perfectly divides both the album - and the song in half. it also signifies a change in his mood, both in his music and his relationship. i adore this song.

[05: day 'n' night - kid cudi](https://open.spotify.com/track/60PAzFNW3vAiAiVK6DRJfB?si=419e95565c214dda)
god, i love this song. i can't really break this one down in as much depth as the others, but that doesnt take away from the fact that kid cudi made an absolutely beautiful track that perfectly encapsulated my emotions at a certain point in my life and i will cherish this song for a very long time because of that. it's done so much for me that it would be disrespectful of me to not have it here.

[04: i - kendrick lamar](https://open.spotify.com/track/3ODXRUPL44f04cCacwiCLC?si=b668d4f54a514bb2)
i know this is one of the less meaningful songs on to pimp a butterfly, but as a standalone song i feel like it's uplifting message and catchy hook gives it a quality i absolutely love. now, tpab is an incredibly deep album and while it would take forever to explain here, i'll just talk about what makes this track in particular so great. at this point in the album, king kunta; kendrick lamar's persona in this album; has gone through it all. incredible grief, loss, discrimination, and depression as portrayed in the preceding tracks, and there's something about him singing _i love myselfff_ after all of that which makes me love this track. i know it's not the deepest on tpab, i know it probably isnt everyone's favorite, but i love it because i love it. fight me.

[03: sumo | zumo - denzel curry](https://open.spotify.com/track/7EHAXZenBzmGCpccWCyg8z?si=4aca3f86f36a428b)
look, this song has some of the hardest bars i've ever heard zel spit, which is saying a lot (cough cough ultimate). the way he pulls off the triple album is incredibly polished for someone this new to the rap game. he makes so many references to previous works that it's a bit hard to keep up with lol. i feel like i would be wasting my time trying to explain, just listen to the damn track.

[02: sweet / i thought you wanted to dance - tyler, the creator](https://open.spotify.com/track/3EG9FJ0ToLfgnc1IG2Z1wz?si=c55bb3d58a0146ea)
imo tyler's best work, this amazing split track has all the qualities i want in one of these. the first part is a beautiful ballad that would already be beautiful on it's own with incredible production (as always) and stunning effects that i can only expect from tyler out of all people. brent faiyaz's vocals in this track are amazing, and this whole half was great too. then, it shifts into this curious reggae track which i didn't really expect from tyler, but here we are. i thought you wanted to dance is an amazing second half to this incredible split track and fana hues' vocals just compliment tyler's in such an amazing way. i know a lot of people don't agree with me, but this is a really good track. i love it.

[01: runaway - kanye west](https://open.spotify.com/track/3DK6m7It6Pw857FcQftMds?si=b9a8aaa8d3584aa2)
my favorite song. period. this track has kanye in a vulnerable spot, talking about his past self, telling people to run away from him as fast as you can, in fear of the monster he's become. the first 20 seconds of this song consists of a single note - beautifully done; in my opinion, as it leaves the listener hanging before the hook starts. after that, it transitions into a beautiful piano melody that perfectly captures the spirit of this song and kanye's emotions as well. the first few lines - "look at you, look at you, look at you" describes him looking at himself and seeing what he's become; something he didnt want to be. a sense of remorse fills his voice as he sings. the pained tone in his voice compliments the lyrics at this point. "you've been putting up with my shit just way too long". he then starts to paint a beautiful picture of his own self as the villain, describing all the wrongs he's done in the past and telling the listener to run away from him. away from himself, as self realizations pains his voice in this emotionally powerful 9 minute track. "I-I-I-I did it", he says, slowly coming to terms with what he's done. it's incredible how this picture they painted so vividly and colorfully is also one of the most depressing songs on this album by far. i really implore you to listen to this, it's amazing.
